The chicken crossed the road and then the chicken ate the grain.
The chicken crossed the road and then ate the grain.
"The chicken crossed the road. It fell."
"The chicken crossed the road. The chicken fell."
"The chicken crossed the road. It ate the grain." 
"The chicken crossed the road. The chicken ate small grains."
He is esteemed eloquent which can invent wittily, remember perfectly, dispose orderly, figure diversely, pronounce aptly, confirm strongly, and conclude directly.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny compared to what lies within us. 
Sins stain thy beautious soul; forsake thy sins.
Blessed shalt thou be in the city, and blessed shalt thou be in the field.
I have never wished to cater to the crowd; for what I know they do not approve, and what they approve I do not know. 
I have never wished to cater to the crowd; this is because what I know they do not approve, and what they approve I do not know.
I have never wished to cater to the crowd; what I know they do not approve, and what they approve I do not know. 
I have never wished to cater to the crowd; I know that which they do not approve, and what they approve I do not know.
The scent is so sweet that it's both pleasant and unpleasant; people recoil and go nearer, recoil and go nearer; they're not sure whether to be disgusted or seduced. 
When his children had departed, he took up his guitar, and played several mournful, but sweet airs, more sweet and mournful than I had ever heard him play before.
In activity commendable, in a commonwealth profitable, and in war terrible.
"As Caesar loved me, I weep for him; as he was fortunate, I rejoice at it; as he was valiant, I honour him; but as he was ambitious, I slew him."
As love, if love be perfect, casts out fear, so hate, if hate be perfect, casts out fear.
Her face with beauty, her head with wisdom, her eyes with majesty, her countenance with gracefulness, her lips with loveliness.
For men shall be lovers of themselves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy. 
And I saw it, and I say it, and I will swear it to be true. 


 
